I believe that I have accomplished basically everything that I set out to in my
initial proposal.  I have created a playable version of SushiGo using all of the
base cards, except for Chopsticks, for up to five players.  I implemented all of
the unique scoring systems for these cards and made sure that they all run at
the correct times.  I implemented a user interface where a player can select
a card from their hand to play and then can select a set to play it on.  In
order to accomplish this, I implemented a mechanism to see which card you had
selected so the player could easily tell what they picked.  I made the choice
to add the new set button because for some reason some people seemed to have a
hard time clicking on the set they wanted and instead kept accidentally creating
new sets.

Since the update, I have solved all of the problems that I mentioned.  I made it
so the adversary could make better decisions of which cards to play and
guaranteed that whenever it plays a card, it plays it in the best spot for it so
that it gets maximal points.  While the adversary is not difficult, especially
in games with more players where the adversaries tend to compete between
themselves more than against the player, it at least makes the game somewhat
challenging.  I also adjusted the scoring of the game so that even if a player
failed to place cards such as Sashimi, Tempura, or Dumpling in its correct set,
it still will score it correctly.  I was also able to make some user interface
updates.  I made the opponents played cards easier to see and placed them
horizontally rather than vertically so that they would take up less space.  I
also added the rules card from the game to make it easy to refer to the rules
while playing.

Overall, I spent a lot of time working on this over the past few weeks and I
really enjoyed implementing it.  I didn't encounter that many issues when working
with elm, so everything went pretty smoothly.  My biggest issue was in the
scoring for maki which required me to go through the list of players and
determine who had the most maki from that round and who had the second most.
This was further complicated by the fact that there could be a tie for the most
or second most and they all needed to be awarded points.  I also struggled a bit
with the Html, as you might be able to tell, but overall I am pretty happy with
everything.
